Create a realistic & secure solution using native tools with SQLCipher. Android: SQLCipher (open-source extension to SQLite that provides transparent 256-bit AES encryption) + Android Keystore (for hardware-backed key protection).
iOS: SQLCipher + iOS Keychain (via Secure Enclave). Would like Secure Android Implementation (Kotlin + SQLCipher + Android Keystore).  Need to provide functionality including AES-256 encrypted database via SQLCipher.
Password → Key via PBKDF2 (with salt stored alongside DB).
4-attempt lockout + secure wipe (via Keystore key deletion).
Dark theme, proper UI placement, white text in input.
Compiles to APK for Android 5.0+ (API 21+).  Utilize groovy and kotlin. Would like all the necessary source code (kotlin/xml), extract gradle dependencies (SQLCipher+Material3), secure implementation ( android keystore, pbkdf2, wipe policy).  Create build instructions for APK generation. Create a zip file for quick download and import into Android Studio.  Use android studio newest build,jdk 11+,use newest. Utilize the language Kotlin and minimum sdk API 21 Android 5.0.  Delete the auto generated files and replace them with the exact code and create folders as needed.  Need to use buttons and text/edit boxes. Buttons should be named Add, Delete, Edit.  Text/edit boxes should be placed near the top of the android / ios status pull down header. Buttons should be placed on the bottom off the application. Import the theme system that can be accessed in a Settings button placed at the top of the application.  The theme should be able to change all the objects/background/buttons/edit boxes within the application to the users preference.  Theme System.zip is included. Implement a theme package within settings that will allow the user to change the font size, edit/text box size, button size, button colours, hue, glow, boarder implementation, allow slider bars for real time adjust ment.  Allow to save the theme settings so that they are loaded up everytime the application starts up.  When the add button is pressed, a New Entry can be typed in, creating a database.  Editing the newly added Entry will prompt a text/edit box with the label. This will be saved within the database, and when double clicked, an ability to create sub categroies will be prompted.  This area will allow a new Label and password storage prompt. For example, Load application, put in password/passphrase, Add a category, tap category to edit, add an entry add a password, save.  The password should be masked and will only reveal when application password/passphrase is typed in.  Need to be able to delete or edit password.  Should be able to clear fields and copy fields in all text/edit boxes. 